Hi, everyone, in this lecture, we're going to talk about the second case, which is password strength.
All right.
So in the second case, the requirements are simple, but the regular expression is going to be a bit
more complicated.
You could say this is an advance regular expression.
Password's must be at least eight characters.
It doesn't say letters or like numbers or whatever.
They should be at least eight characters.
Passwords must contain at least two consecutive digits.
So to do the digits, digits, two digits, which are next to each other.
So first off, let's create the regular expression and I'm going to call it pass check.
And OK, so first off, what we are going to do as we want to have at least eight, at least eight characters,
OK, so we could have more than that.
But the exact number is going to be eight.
So we could have like at least eight.
We could have 10, 12.
Doesn't really matter, but there should be at least eight.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a positive look ahead and I'm going to say, so this
is a positive look ahead because it is at the start.
It is what we are looking for.
What we are looking for is eight consecutive digits sorry, eight consecutive characters at the start.
Those characters, they could be numbers or digits.
That's why I'm just going to provide a lowercase W and the quantity specified.
It could start.
We could do this or we could just provide an eight both.
In both cases it is going to work for us.
OK, but for now I'm just going to provide at eight because the exact number of characters should be
eight.
If I provided eight or above, we could say that that works as well.
But I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do this regular expression differently.
Right.
So the first part of the regular expression is not in the second part.
What do we have is that we are going to create another lookahead and this lookahead is going to look
for.
Where the letters they sent.
And what do I mean by that, I mean, for example, let's you know what, let's go ahead and create
it.
Let's create a password.
And let's say we have like cosmic tech now, cosmic tech has ten it has ten characters.
And what I mean by this, lookahead that it is going to look for the last letter.
All right.
Because we have said that passwords must contain at least two consecutive digits.
So wherever the last character is, B, that last character, a letter in this case, which is EDG or
a number which is like, let's say eight.
So after that, after that last character.
So this could be in here.
This could be in the middle as long as this lookahead is satisfied.
This is true, OK?
And because you can see that this is a condition as well.
Now, when the last character and after the last character, we want to make sure that we insert two
numbers there and we want to make sure that last character is actually a letter.
So what I'm going to do is we are going to grab all the all the non numbers and then I'm going to pass
in numbers how many times I want this number to be I want this number to be at least two times, but
this number could have zero or more occurrences.
The reason for that is we might have take one to three and then after that we might have 45.
So in this case, this number actually has five occurrences.
It doesn't have like zero or two occurrences.
That's why we are going to do it like this.
So if I were to save it and cancel log, it canceled log.
And let's go ahead and check it out.
Let's a pass check that Servet, it still says invalid, regular expression, nothing to repeat at.
Oh, we didn't test it.
I'm sorry.
This is check status.
This is not pass check.
OK, so I'm going to say let check status be equal to scrub or pass.
Check the test that's passing the password.
That's how it works.
So we have pass check test.
Nothing to repeat.
OK, so this is the password, so this is our first.
And this is our second lookahead.
Oh, this is incorrect.
We shouldn't have zero more occurrences of this number, we're going to have zero more or more occurrences
of the thing, which is not a number.
We could have zero more zero or more occurrences of that.
So this is how this aid is going to work with this asterisk, because we have said eight, but we have
more than clear clearly.
And those more than eight, they are compensated by this asterisk.
That's why when the asterisk asterisk was gone, we didn't have the repeat.
So when I say it is true because we have at least eight characters in here, this is checking for the
eight characters and we have at least two consecutive digits.
And Haridas, so if I were to come in this one out and if I do one, we are going to get false because
we don't have two consecutive digits.
We have only one if I put it like 12.
This is going to return.
True, because we have two consecutive digits.
OK, so this is going to be it for our second case and for Uri's.
I'm just going to provide you with this as well.
In case you get confused, you can go ahead and check this one out.
This is a quantity specified, they're looking for the exact number of occurrences, which is eight.
So.
Should know it doesn't work like that, OK, so I'm just going to go over this one more time, the first
lookahead the first condition was that we should have characters and we should have we should have characters
be those numbers or letters or a combination of them, and they should be at least eight.
Then the second lookahead said that, what do we want?
We want wherever the number, the numbers end.
OK, so those numbers which end there might have zero occurrence or they might have more than that zero
occurrence.
We want to insert two digits so you can see that then the numbers there and here.
And when the numbers in here, how many occurrences do do those nine numbers have?
So this is where the nine numbers and how many occurrences they have.
They have 10 occurrences.
So they could have 10 occurrences.
We don't care about that.
But right after that, we should have two digits.
OK, so we are looking for where for where the numbers they end were the non number.
And I hope, like, this is the confusing part.
The rest is clear.
So I'm just going to go over this one more time.
So this is where the union number ends?
It's right at this.
So I'm just going to go ahead and capitalise this edge.
OK, so if I say it, we still get through.
So this is where that number ends.
So how many occurrences do those nine numbers have?
They have zero or more occurrences because there are clearly ten of those.
So it's not zero and it isn't more than zero.
Right.
And right after that, we should have two digits.
So if I were to provide 25 here, then in this context of 25, what this is going to refer to, I'm
going to give you I'm going to tell you what.
So we said that we want two consecutive digits and these two consecutive digits are going to be this
12th.
We are not considering this 25.
Why?
Because in here we said we want to look for when the non numbers are finishing, are finishing.
They have finished here.
And this asterisk is going to give us the occurrences for the union numbers and then we are going to
have two digits.
So right after it, you are going to have 12.
So we are not considering this 25.
OK, so this is how this is going to work and we still get through.
It means that this password is actually accurate.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.